Words:

"impeccable"

"balloonist"

"excruciating"

Sentences:

"Everyone agreed the judge was of impeccable character."

"No one wanted to be alone with the creepy balloonist."

"His fall off the stage caused __________ pain in his legs."

Idling:

"Where is that waiter?"

"Don't think too hard, now."

"Can I smoke in here?"

"How's my hair?"

"You can't <i>all</i> be winners."

Fail:

"Goodbye and good luck!"

Win:

Congratulations!

Speech: 

"Good evening everyone, and welcome to 16th annual Two-Shoes Spelling Bee hosted at the SpringHill Suites in lovely Bakersfield, California. We may not be the big leagues yet, but what we lack in prestige we make up for in gumption. That's G-U-M-P-T-I-O-N, and if you'd like me to use it in a sentence, you can buy me a drink at the hotel bar.

"Every parent here should be proud of their little munchkin tonight, because it takes discipline and perserverence to study the art of spelling in today's age of distractions. My own son does nothing but sit around and play video games, and probably couldn't spell "linguistics" if his life depended on it. I mean, he still got into Stanford, but he's an exceptional child.

"I forgot to introduce myself. My name is April Rose Holly, and I'll be your host for this event. Before I was a full-time regional spelling bee judge I was a high school English teacher, and before that I was a legal secretary at The Holly Law Group, LLC. Back in those days we had to use Windows 98, and Word didn't automatically put that red squiggly line under all your misspelled words, you had to run a manual spell check at the end.

"And before I was a secretary I was making my way through the pageant circuit. Some of you may recognize me as 1991's Miss Central California!" Judge Holly smiles and waves to the crowd. "Those days are behind me but my love for regional competition never died. Hosting these bees is truly my passion.

The rules are simple.

"You walk up to the podium and I announce your word. You can write it down on the podium for practice, ask me to repeat the word, or even ask me to use it in a sentence if you'd like.

"No cheating and no funny business of any kind. You have three minutes or you're out of the competition, and I mean immediately. No loitering on the podium after you're eliminated, no crying, and definitely no arguing parents after the fact. You can try to persuade me with gifts. It probably won't work, but I do like a jewelry.

"Ready? Let's begin!



