Words (only about 12 will be read, marked with #):

#embarrass
#impeccable
#liaison

canal
pouted
newlywed
#balloonist
#severely
slobber
tonic
#nursery

#excruciating
generalissimo
monomania
#barrette
claustrophobia
clandestine
#concierge
interstice

#camaraderie
enervate
#bodhisattva
diaphanous
#impecunious
tangential
chlorophyll
phlegmatic



Sentences (will not be read):



Fail:

"Aww, you tried your hardest." (something mean)

Win:

Congratulations, #139!

Intro (read): 

"Good evening everyone, and welcome to 16th annual Badger Valley Regional Spelling Bee hosted at the lovely SpringHill Suites. We may not be the big leagues yet, but what we lack in prestige we make up for in gumption. That's G-U-M-P-T-I-O-N, and if you'd like me to use it in a sentence, you can buy me a drink at the hotel bar.

"Every parent here should be proud of their little munchkin tonight, because it takes discipline and perserverence to study the art of spelling in today's age of distractions. My own son does nothing but sit around and play video games all day, and probably couldn't spell "linguistics" if his life depended on it. I mean, he still got into Stanford, but he's an exceptional child.

(Break into two?)

"I forgot to introduce myself. My name is April Rose Holly, and I'll be your host for this event. Before I was a full-time regional spelling bee judge I was a high school English teacher, and before that I was an executive secretary. Back in those days we used Windows 98, and Word didn't put that red squiggly line under all your misspellings, you had to run a manual spell check at the end.

"And before I was a secretary I was making my way through the pageant circuit. Some of you may recognize me as 1991's Miss Central Badger Valley County!" Judge Holly smiles and waves to the crowd. "Those days are behind me but my love for regional competition never died. Hosting these bees is my passion.

"The rules are simple."

Rules (not read):

"You walk up to the podium and I announce your word. You can write it down on the podium for practice, ask me to repeat the word, or even ask me to use it in a sentence if you'd like.

"No cheating and no funny business of any kind. You spell the word correctly or you're out of the competition, and I mean immediately. No loitering on the podium after you're eliminated, no crying, and definitely no arguing parents after the fact. You can <i>try</i> to persuade me with gifts. It probably won't work, but I do like jewelry.

Extra:

...and everyone, please remember to clear out quickly after the show tonight, as the SpringHill Suites hosts bingo night on Tuesdays and Fridays.

...it's the second to last night of the competition, and our goal is to get this down to two contestants. If each one of you gets every word correctly for the next six hours straight, well, just remember it's okay to fail, alright?

"I'm not really sure why this had to be seven days, start with the hard ones and eliminate the weak from the get-go, that's what I always say, good thing I love my job.


